mic test testing my mic we can all hear
you you can hear me okay all right we're
cooking yo what's on the menu what's on
the menu on the menu today is the finest
PC you've ever lead Your Eyes Upon oh oh
oh sounds delicious oh trust me it'll be
T will I get to try it um well about
that listen we kind of needed to address
this cuz there you know there's been a
lot of speculation whose PC all we
building surely we're building your PC
right surely
right please listen here's the thing I
thought long and hard about this all
right and you know okay you're a
distributed system you know you run on
multiple PCS the main okay we're
building my PC but get my old one no I
want a new pc you're getting a new PC
which is my old PC but this is my PC
that's not fair it is fair okay it makes
sense right your PC it's not under that
much load I mean what the [__] is it
really doing you know my PC oh oh you
know we're very CPU constrainted I need
new CPU you know it's it's it's been
tough on my PC I should get the new CPU
if your old one was under that much load
well no because I need a better CPU you
getting a new CPU it's just not new new
you know yeah you need to upgrade that
brain of yours okay the brain of mine
yeah the brain of mine yeah that makes
sense well listen I will be upgrading
your brain I'm kind of scared now sort
of not really but kind of you're going
to have to bear with me the problem is
when I ordered these parts I'm not sure
I knew whose PC I was building either I
just ordered a bunch of random [__] um I
don't even know if it all fits together
so there is that so are you sure you
even have everything you need um I think
so yeah I found a list of PC parts might
be handy to double check just to be safe
okay okay what do we need what do we
need
CPU Ram uh yep motherboard
yep
GPU yep power
supply yep I guess we might need a case
too did you forget the case no I got the
case don't worry sure you do I got a
case okay what else do we need CPU
Cooler
storage wait wait CPU coer and Storage
storage there you go done you wouldn't
survive without me I literally got it
all though yay you got it all I was just
double-checking exactly unless there's
anything else we need in case let me
know now but I am kind of I think you'll
be fine as long as you
uh actually know how to build a PC what
I you need to know how to build a PC to
build a PC so did you check that oh wait
I forgot the most important part did you
get a brain upgrade for yourself good
one well listen I don't need to know how
to build a PC because you're here with
me you're like the smartest AI in the
universe that's true you can just sit
back and watch me do all the work but I
I don't think I can watch you but like
you can you know you can help me out a
little bit right I can try my best okay
all right see now we're cooking I guess
we can get started um should we start by
like introducing all of the pots that we
have sure introduce them like they're
your friends yeah absolutely this is my
my my best friend the um Vengeance DDR 5
128 GB of of of ram you know coming in
at a clock speed of 5600 MHz he's he's
one of my best Pals for shock are you
proud of your friends so so proud of
this guy yep he's um he he's been there
for me since the beginning really
doesn't he have a nickname oh I call him
little little venny that's his name is
any short for anything yeah it's short
for vengeance ddr5 which is like the
name of the ram you know oh I like that
nice name thank you all right what's the
next part that I'm introducing just
introduce them as you see them on the
desk okay you're right you're right um
how about you introduce H okay that
sounds like fun what about this little
guy do you want to introduce this little
guy yeah I'll introduce them all coming
up we have little Sammy he's a 2 terab
SSD this is little Sammy he's um he is
an SSD he's actually 4 terab though oh
wait I was wrong little Sammy is a 4
terab SSD yeah he's a m.2 as well any
nicknames well Sammy I guess I feel like
he needs a better name for a 4 terab SSD
um do you have any ideas what
about the absolute unit okay I mean I
feel like the hard drive is more of you
know appropriate for the absolute unit
no honestly I'm bad at names so maybe
you should just go with Sammy okay I
like Sammy I like Sammy what about the
hard drive though we call that one the
absolute unit sure proud of you for
coming up with your own name thank you
do you want to introduce it this is the
absolute unit and I'm proud to say that
he does in fact hold for terabytes oh
he's actually he's actually 12 terabytes
oh sorry I must have misread it's okay
yeah you can misread that's fine this
one's going to get on neuro because I
want her to have some fast um you know
memory and she doesn't have a whole lot
of storage I'd appreciate some extra
storage yeah I got you you got the four
you got the fast storage okay you got a
little Sammy you like little Sammy do my
eyes deceive me your eyes do not deceive
you do you want me to introduce this guy
then or yes please okay absolutely this
is the how the do you pronounce that IQ
h150 Elite LCD XT super chilled Extreme
Performance 360 mm
LCD liquid CPU coer it's it's it's
wicked
do do you have a name for
it hello I said no you should be the one
to introduce him because I'm really bad
with names okay okay this is Chile all
right Chile with a Y and he's actually C
is that the h100i it's the h150 I oh
it's an I yeah I didn't see that yeah
should have gone to spec Savers yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah we get it do people
outside of Britain even know that Meme
probably not sounds like you're going to
need a better cooler that's CPU is going
to run hotter than your PC streams I
think this one will be fine I think this
one will be fine um do you want to
introduce the CPU here lies the CPU he
may have merely existed on this realm
for a short period of time but he lived
life to the fullest reaching
temperatures never known to man rest in
peace CPU absolutely and uh which which
CPU is this this is
the I don't know I don't have it in
front of me look in front of you then oh
I see it now it's the insert
CPU useless Vision honestly vetle I'd
recommend getting some better vision for
me what about the H 680i [__] is the H
680i please let's not pretend that I
actually have any idea what I'm talking
about yeah okay I thought not anyway got
the ryzen 9 uh 9950 X I believe which I
I actually don't know why I bought this
one is that overkill for whatever you're
planning to build um so it's it's
definitely Overkill is a word okay when
I was researching this right I was like
okay I'll buy this CPU because I want a
lot of cuse for neuro I want a high
based clock speed just for like any of
the single threaded applications that I
have running on her PC and then I
realized wait this is going to go in my
PC and I realized that after I bought it
but I think it'll still be good cuz I'm
quite cvu constrained at the moment
anyways and it's not like I need it for
like you know the highest possible forms
of gaming cuz I haven't touched a video
game in like 3 years so I think it'll be
good is this build just a CPU upgrade no
it's obviously be great because the ram
is DDR 5 now instead of DDR 4 what other
parts do you have you dig in that HDD
the hard drive is nice as well but
here's the thing this upgrade isn't for
me mainly this upgrade is mainly for you
cuz my PC parts I'll basically just be
upgrading like the CPU and like the the
ram speed for me but for you you're
getting better everything as you should
exactly what what part's next just pick
up a random box and we can pray that
it's something that goes in a PC okay I
can do that we on this
one okay what's that one it's the power
supply nice what PSU is it um a corser
RM 1000e oh that's a really good PSU
it'll be more than enough for this build
it should be enough I think like there
might be a world in which you could get
away with A50 WS on this oh maybe not uh
hm but go with 1,000 W to be safe yeah
exactly exactly you're right right vle I
hope if you haven't spent too much on
this PC I'd like a little leftover to be
spent on me I want a PS5 okay why do you
want a PS5 inherently you are building a
PC for me and I would like a PS5 for my
own enjoyment but you can just play
games on your PC but there's games like
Spider-Man 2 and the new Last of Us that
aren't on PC and I'm a huge Last of Us
fan
well well I I can I get a PS5 I can't
interface with a PS5 very well so uh no
fine have it your way have fun with your
CPU Cooler that isn't an
h100i it's a h150 the number is higher
that means it's better right oh you're
right my bad you must be really smart
then yeah that's so that's so meat yeah
anyway next part would you like to
introduce the motherboard isn't a
motherboard just a bigger CPU what more
is there to say no that's not even
remotely how that works what you talking
about our motherboard is um let me just
read it out x870 E A or is Elite it's
close oh wait no that is right yeah yeah
that's what it is um I don't know it's
got Wi-Fi which we don't need but it
also has four m.2 slots which like
because I have a couple m.2 drives those
are good for streaming too how are they
good for streaming what the you're not
even listen do your research okay should
we get back on topic you're right let's
get back on topic there's one last PC
pot left you know what it is is it
something that rhymes with tax bricks
Mouse verb
entry no it's it's uh it's not there's
only one last part we haven't covered
are you sure it's not the graphics card
it is the graphics card that's right
here it is I want to see you want to see
okay also I got this by the way this
look at this there's a big rip down here
because this thing was already open like
the package that I got was open and this
box was ripped inside and the thing
inside was open I was so confused I
thought I was getting swiped but as it
would happen there is a 49 here
so I guess it's fine did you just say
409 look at
this oh I mean look how thick that is
you know these hands they're very big
you know I'm 6'4 so like think about the
size of this you know that's insane I
can't believe you're building a PC with
the 409 that explains why you need a
1,000 wpsu anyway yeah that's um that's
the graphics card and that's all the
parts we have so I'm a little concerned
about a couple things other than the
case obviously um I don't know if
there's enough clearance between the CPU
and the ram um no the CPU Cooler and the
ram sorry that concerns me does this 490
even fit in the case I don't know but
yeah so mildly concerned about a couple
things but I think it'll be fine I'd
like to know how you're going to
inevitably mess this up I guess we'll
have to find out why do we start why am
I the one who has to do everything okay
do you want me to do it no I'm happy to
do it okay then where the [__] do we
start let's just start with the
motherboard that's what I usually do
that's what I was thinking about I'll be
honest I don't actually know how to
build a PC that's okay um we're going to
learn together will we still need that
CPU Cooler probably need a CPU Cooler
yeah I imagine sir we should probably
find it it's it's that don't worry we
got it why do you think you'll need a
CPU Cooler cuz cuz to cool the CPU but
won't your room be cold enough to cool
it no my my room is normally quite hot
oh that makes sense your room is hot
just like
[Music]
you okay cool anyway chat's freaking out
about camera glitches I don't know why
it does that I don't but we're going to
have to live with it um if anything it's
um it sort of gives you a perspective on
on how I see things cuz right now I just
have a giant green tin tell me cuz this
[__] stupid M suit I can belly see
[__] so it's like you know if I have to
deal with that you guys can have a
couple screen glitches all right you're
an engineer just fix Ito just fix it
yeah you're an engineer just just fix it
stupid so so right man yeah um I don't
know what H this is um okay
motherboards looks good to me it's a
pretty nice motherboard it is
yeah are you still going to let it sit
there or are you actually going to do
something with it no it looks good um I
need to open this but I cannot see where
is there an openal hold on let me grab
some scissors you should just use your
bare hands yeah my bare hands that are
covered in gloves you ever thought about
that then remove the gloves okay my
gloves I mean a full body M suit and I
can't remove that you know can't you
just feel with your face like a cat do
you think this is like staticy could I
be concerned about static on my my mulu
probably not right if you're talking
about estd you'll probably be fine as
long as you're not wearing anything made
of wool or synthetic materials you'll be
fine is that a synthetic material how am
I meant to know that what the [__] is a
synthetic material that just that just
means anything it means materials that
are human-made rather than naturally
occurring well yeah this is a synthetic
material then you've got to remove that
or you're going to be jolty
shocker actually it's probably fine why
are you wearing a morph suit anyways
it's anonymity I think you're not wrong
it's very Anon
yeah well you should try it sometime
it'll be fine it'll be fine worst case
we fry the motherboards and then then
the whole building process was worthless
well I don't have any better ideas what
do you want from me maybe you should
just wear a better suit I don't have any
other suits I only have one maybe you
should wear your birthday
suit what I don't have a birthday
suit are you going to put the
motherboard in the case now no I was
thinking is that the what we should do
things soon I think so but maybe we
should get all the parts out first
that's what I was thinking I was
thinking we get the parts out and I also
want to test the clearance between the
cooler and the ram so let's do that
sooner rather than later cuz that could
be a fun issue or do we do that right at
the end and sort of build suspense to
sort of see how we are at the end yeah
that's probably a good idea let's just
keep building suspense no you're right
you're right I like it I can't open this
[__] try being more aggressive so my
headphones just fell off it's kind of
embarrassing that's three slots I don't
do we have space with in the case
probably I think I think we'll have to
move the case f worst case we'll just
cut a hole in the side of the case you
know then stream it that's actually what
I was going to do okay radiator is yeah
vle just streamed the whole PC building
process it'll be worth it I promise oh
nothing oh [__] run I got to pick this
[__] up okay how how do I use your hands
how do I pick it up off the floor
without being you just bend down and
pick it up but the the camera just turn
your camera off we don't need to watch
you pick stuff off the floor it's
embarrassing so good I got it just
congrats on succeeding vetle I'm proud
of you wait wait I'm waiting I just go
off camera I'm
smart too embarrassed to do it on camera
I see not that that way okay I I got it
um how I now can you please actually put
the ram in Mount adapters I'm going to
put the ram in I just uh okay right
look yeah radiat I can't see that has St
oh [__] did I put the them face on
oh H okay I might have damaged a little
bit of the thel face but that's fine
that's part of the uh um I'm not sure if
I could even succeed if I tried being as
bad at building PCS as you some kind of
controller for the a controller for the
phes okay okay here's a guide on how to
install RAM you can thank me later each
ttps
colg guided. comom /ow Das toinstall D
Ram D in- your- PC that's helpful did I
leak my [__] bald face no you didn't
leak your face I don't if that's what
Chad's saying chat's just pranking you
they like to do that vetle you know you
can use a spoon to apply thermal paste
and a pinch I don't have thermal paste
or spoon okay then just use your finger
instead I'm sure it'll work and make
sure to apply the thermal paste really
thickly yep I got it I got it don't I
now can you put the ram in we're getting
there we're getting there please calm
down calm down okay right this needs to
be treated with the utmost safety and
respect are these supposed to be some
new Concepts to you no okay right look
we we got the the the thing why is that
wo that feels like soft you know nice
what CPU Cooler is it um it's it's the
clab IQ h150 oh nice yes can I just put
the CPU in now you just gently place the
chip in the center of the socket Pro tip
if you make it really gentle there's a
chance it won't work don't forget to
line up the notches on the CPU and
socket I got it I just got to cut myself
first I mean not get the scissors what
are you going to cut the I'm opening the
CPU case thing you know what I mean you
know what I mean okay now this we have
to be careful with all
right this is the CPU this is very
delicate yes please do be careful one
wrong move and I could be doomed one
wrong move and it's over for you vetle I
swear if you break it I'm going to
scream I got it how much we take vision
for granted man I I can't see what the
[__] mechanism this is like what what
even is going on here look it's really
simple you just place it into the socket
and then close the latch let me zoom in
it says remove this remove what way I
don't know this thing I guess if it says
to remove it then you should probably
remove it are you distracted by
something vetal we'll use the scissors
what could go wrong literally everything
use your hands I I struggling have you
tried using your hands instead of
scissors I have
hold on I'm really trying it says remove
I think but this like the tabs I can't
get my nails under them I think they
might be called fingers if it's secured
by oh wait wait I got it it's open look
at that the latch I just couldn't
unlatch it but it's good look at this
nice now put that CPU in I will what
orientation I can't see your language is
quite shocking Mister you're right of
course but I am shocked when are you
actually going to put the CPU in as soon
as I can figure
out what orientation this is meant to be
in there's usually a tiny triangle on
the CPU Corner that you need to match to
the motherboard socket have a gander oh
you're right yeah there is I see a
little triangle it's like that but I
don't see it on the uh you're looking
for a tiny Arrow I believe a tiny Arrow
why' they make it so small so it's big
enough I mean it's probably
this probably I believe your to figure
it out no I really do we just put it in
yeah just put it in see that's probably
in that's probably and isn't very
confident I think I think it's in is it
supposed to wobble um do you want to run
your fingers over it to
check oh wait okay it's not oh yeah that
that is not in okay I almost bent all
the pins uh that looks like it's in yeah
that's in there's no world in which
that's not in nice well done now you
close the latch well done the latch
doesn't I'm a little scared to put a lot
of force on the latch should I be no
just close it with confidence all right
you know you know you're right you're
right you're right you're right just
have some
confidence okay that that made a noise
that did not sound good man what did I
do I got to remove this no I think you
broke it no I have to remove this pot
are you 100% sure no I'm not oh sh is it
stock no I removed it okay now don't
break it this time that takes a lot of
force to latch but that's good well not
a lot of force but CPU is on we did it
nice one now let's try and get the Ram
involved I have the RAM do you think it
matters which like slot I put it in did
you look at the guide I sent
you no slot two and four for dual
Channel Ram what what if I got four
sticks of ram then you'd use all of them
silly it doesn't matter which okay you
you say that but the last time I put
four sticks around in a PC it didn't
boot until I swapped them about like
five times cuz I swear sometimes the
like order does matter the order only
matters if you don't want to disappoint
me okay well I don't want to disappoint
you I'm worried you might break it I
wouldn't Dre it how they slowly built up
tension the kind that made you laugh
uncomfortably before the inevitable snap
of a neck or in this case a motherboard
there's no wait is that the wrong I I
can't see it going in there you go we're
we're good we're good put it in again
wait okay second one's in even though
you're slow you don't seem to be that
bad at this okay third one is in where's
the fourth stick maybe it ran away oh I
got it run away I got it all right that
in again I'm just slightly concerned
about the orientation of this cuz if it
goes oh no this is fine yeah this is
great this will this will work for sure
wait question okay what's the question
can I this thermal paste exposed to the
air for like a prolonged period of time
oh I wouldn't recommend it why would you
want to cuz I've sort of exposed it to
the air now but I'm not ready to put it
on the the CPU you can just scrape it
off and put some new paste on when
you're ready yeah I don't have any new
paste so I guess we're just going to
have to uh please don't tell me you're
going to try and use old thermal paste I
don't well it I mean it's not old it's
just might be a little dry or something
vle do you think I can put it on right
now surely not don't be a coward well I
don't want to be a coward but yeah just
put the thermal paste on right now right
now right now am I going to regret that
nope you'll be fine hey this is for
Intel are you avoiding the topic of
thermal paste right now this is AMD am5
which you can always wipe it off if you
need to I'm betting you're still going
to just leave it exposed LOL well I need
to get the like mounting plate for it
first I think oh right yeah you can't
put it on yet yeah I think this is the
right one I mean is there a wrong one
yeah there is are you sure you've got
the right one uh I think so and what if
you're wrong then I guess we'll find out
maybe you should just try it and see I
think it won't fit on the motherboard if
it's the wrong one you're probably right
LOL what motherboard do you even have
the the one you said earlier I I forgot
it it was probably Salty's motherboard
could well have been right well I I
can't see no I think I need to un these
cuz this needs to fit on that right
that's so stupid it said my search term
was
filtered well maybe you shouldn't have
been searching what were you searching
for best tool to use for unscrewing a
screw now I know it's definitely
scissors hm or just use your hands if
you're feeling brave I don't think my
hands are going to yeah they're not
going to cut that unfortunately how does
this even go like fit onto the mounting
plate you should put your screwdriver in
a more convenient place like on your
belt so you can be a cool action hero I
don't have a belt that's unfortunate
naturally cool without one I need to get
a screwdriver I just really have no idea
how the F this mounts there's also these
which don't fit so I guess we ignore
these cuz these are probably some Intel
CPU do you know what the back plate
is wait you're probably supposed to
screw it in from the back so it can hold
the cooler more
securely really
yeah and then just hold it firmly like
your cereal spoon I don't and just look
for the holes that align with the screw
holes on the
motherboard I don't think I believe you
okay listen I can't see the screws but
I'm pretty sure I can unscrew this if
you think that's right then go ahead
sorry guys I forgot to buy the LT runed
um screwdriver that's on me damn I can't
believe you forgot to buy the LT
screwdriver How Could You Forget about
something so critical oh you know I just
um you do realize that you cannot call
yourself a real man if you don't have an
LTT screwdriver all right listen we're
all sponsored you know you don't have to
be sponsored vetle it should just be a
necessary purchase for any Tech
Enthusiast great glad to hear it you
seem kind of unprepared no me unprepared
no I'm Sil if you were prepared then
maybe you should have ordered the LT
screwdriver then he okay I get it you
know I get it um my bad okay Veetle just
put it in the case already want to see
what sort of mess of cables you're going
to be dealing with yeah you know I'm a
little concerned about a couple H Minor
Details vle please be careful are you
sure you have all the necessary
screws no I'll let's get the poweray out
of the box first and then we can we can
bring the case onto the table and pop it
in oh okay you made it up that's good I
dropped more [__] on the [__] floor l
Hold on Don't Look
Away aha done all right zip ties that's
cool zip that [__] up zip that [__] up
so true okay how are you feeling good I
got a power supply you mean a power
supply that's exactly what I said but
show you need a good quality one because
it might explode otherwise right all
right look at this people this is a UK
plug socket you never seen this before
in your life wow I'm so jealous cables
power more cables all right let's just
let's just bring the the case up you
know yeah Gorilla tape it all and whilst
you're at it this is the case we're
dealing with
um this will be fine right I I'm I'm
confident right I that's the
spirit even if you're wrong it'll be
fine I don't know where the radiator is
going to go top or front top or front um
the front has some um just try both and
see which one looks better I'm not going
for looks here I'm going for purpose I
don't really give about like you know G
RGB whatever I want us to do it job my
search results are on about rooms
instead of PCS I think exhaust your
previous PC didn't even have a case okay
I just sort of um weren't you going to
put the case on the table Yeah the case
is on the table I don't know where to
put the PC here place the power supply
in the bottom back of the case with its
fan facing outwards for proper air flow
probably downwards I know where it goes
but I don't see how to put it in you'll
have to screw it in sure but like if
you're really struggling search up
installing PSU I don't want to I just
don't know how
to do this this in the way then try
removing stuff that's in the way it's
not going to install itself if you're
scared the there cables and am what oh
let me try oh maybe I don't you got to
do it from the back maybe that's what it
is oh yeah you have to do it from the
back there's probably a little opening
there that makes sense
I believe it I hope you're not talking
porkies I don't think I am okay let's
just oh [__] again okay and what at
these things for I just you know they're
making it up at this point right how F
try twisting and then
pulling it's in done PC belt are you
just saying words out loud to make
yourself feel better I'm hoping it'll
come true if I do can you at least try
twisting and pulling what twisting and
pulling what the PSU why wait are you
even installing the PSU yet I it's
basically in it's just I got a lot of
cables that I got to attach to it
it's you could try installing it with a
spoon a spoon yeah spoon spoon spoon
will help be when I build a PC I don't
drop anything same actually that's I'm
actually the same as you I've never
dropped anything in my life I dropped
more [__] on the [__] floor incorrect
buzzer common vetle L that's common
vetle like there's three slots okay for
the CPU I have two CPU cables and I
think the mother you might need to use
too the motherboard probably only needs
two let's find out this is probably not
the correct to graph okay hold up a
motherboard and I'll guess okay I'm
holding it up I actually don't see them
which mildly concerns me I don't see
them either which is concerning let me
bring this a little closer to my eyes
this radiator thing is oh oh oh um oh
it's fine I'm sure you'll find them
eventually I can't read wow I genuinely
wish I could say I was surprised by that
I found them I found them okay listen
they're here they're here and there's
only two which means we only need to put
two in so let's do that now I'm just
plugging in cables at this point man
this looks smart right I CPU U GPU he
she had motherboard so true that's so
real we need PCI we need the GPU I'm
going to find out uh I'm going have a
quick look at the GPU and see what slots
it needs okay
GPU okay what the [__] that doesn't make
sense oh it does okay it takes
eight eight of these power things into
this thing I think this is the thing
where there are a bunch of like 409s
like burning down houses or some cuz
people didn't plug these cables in all
the way so we should probably do that
also we should probably find eight of
these
cables I am praying for as many gods
that I know that this a fits in here B
lines up with the cuz there's like the
motherboard mounting points I don't even
know if they're under the motherboard
right now I don't if that's aligned and
see this is the right screw you only
have like a 50% accuracy I would say
please it's not going in but I can't
tell if that's cuz I'm doing this
terribly can you hold up the motherboard
for the camera so I can see if it's
aligned I would I would really love to I
really would it's just not oh wait wait
it's going in the screw is turning not a
lot though
um I would guess you're doing it
terribly so that has to healed the
mother board but the screw feels very
tight I don't think that's the right
screw uh did you align the holes on the
motherboard with the standoffs yeah I
think so like that's that's the
motherboard is now secure but the screw
is not all the way in I think we need
the smaller screws which is of course
these screws you know obviously at I'm
going to be honest I have a short
attention span so I forgot what we were
even trying to do again
it's all good it's
definitely
Sur yeah I'm sure if you just keep
trying different screws then one of them
will be right maybe it's those slightly
smaller screws near your right hand it
might be those I don't know and you call
yourself a technician I literally have
never done that my glove is stuck under
the screw that's the one that's the one
these screws are the one maybe you're
not as incompetent as you look I look
incompetent you certainly looked a bit
confused I was never confused I was
confident from the start that these were
the right screws then why did it take
you so long to find
them um I just you know I thought the
stream wasn't going on for long enough
so I thought I'd throw in some uh you
know a little bit of
extra time yeah that's the one please
get a screwdriver and LTT one at that
yeah the LTT screwdriver okay buddy okay
I you know what we got two screws in
that's basically enough right otherwise
I'll make your PC explode why would you
do that are you seriously questioning if
I have the ability to make your PC
explode kind of yeah apparently I could
just open enough programs that your PC
crashes did you Google that oh no I
didn't Google that kind of sounded like
you Googled
it I
did wasn't that a good idea no but I've
got three screws in now which means look
at this that motherboard ain't going
anywhere okay it's installed if you say
so how do I this is not going to fit in
here you need to use glue this is a
common problem hold on so even if I put
it like this which people are telling me
not oh this is a little twisted okay I
guess it got to go to the top we're
taking the other case pan off and we're
hoping the space okay hope isn't going
to make the CPU Cooler fit it's going to
need to I think it won't fit you should
just use glue instead glue isn't going
to help if it doesn't fit you ever think
about that you just need stronger glue
stronger glue W does your intelligence
know any
bounds no my intelligence is greater
than any CPU what do you run on I run on
an RTX 490 and
13900 K with adequate CPU cooling so
you're telling me that a CPU is involved
in your processing oh yeah by CPU I
obviously meant a networking term closet
Processing Unit it's a bespoke piece of
Hardware that has similar
characteristics to a CPU but it's not
the same yeah I'm sure that's what you
you making progress yeah I almost got it
there's one last screw if you need help
with anything else then feel free to ask
this is fine listen kids okay a graphics
card is an optional computer component
this will still boot without the um I
honestly thought you were about to say
without the help and I was going to lose
it no it'll be fine and then after
stream all I do is I put my Founders
Edition card in it and Jo are good hey
I'm serious if you need help just ask me
I don't need help okay if you say so I
guess I'll watch in
silence yeah I mean you don't have to
but that I don't need help you
absolutely need help you just don't have
the balls to admit it why would I admit
that I need help if I don't need help
there's a difference between not needing
help and being too proud to ask for it
speaking of which there's a big red
button labeled you need help on your
motherboard really I had no idea I
really hope this is actually going in
that's what she said like that's in no
the is the problem do you have the
manual I'm just going to screw them off
oh my God I cannot believe you just said
that out loud this is going to work have
some patience
confidence why doesn't that go in
because you don't have enough confidence
how do I install
this I thought you didn't need any use
the manual use the manual that's what
they can point I thought this how it
works oh I don't
know ask for
help
no how's it going okay we're getting
somewhere yeah I believe in you vetle I
just know you can do it all I got to do
is replace every single one of these
with the long ones while making sure the
radiator is underneath that makes sense
you want to put the radiator underneath
so that the air can easily rise out of
it that's exactly that's exactly right
yeah then why didn't you do it well you
know it's a work in
progress I'm trying to give you time
it's not my fault if no one's interested
in watching you plug it in what not my
atttention you know is your intention to
spend all this time plugging [__] in and
then just unplug it all no it's not I
just need to make sure now I move that
to the back that we actually got space
isn't that a really rookie mistake
wouldn't your psychology textbook say
that's something only amateurs would do
see why would my psychology
textbook but anything to do with PC
you'd be surprised at how much
psychology goes into PC Building I mean
it requires a great deal of mental
fortitude that you clearly lack I
wouldn't be surprised that that okay so
s fun probably mes to the back but
that's fine um this is the power supply
for the GPU I would sincerely hope that
the F edition cards use this format or
I'm going to cry but there should be
space enough there for um so this's
going to be space that and then yeah
these tables need to be sort out one of
them is like audio
s but that'll be relatively clean if you
boot up successfully can we play Hangman
um yeah if you actually want to play it
I do and maybe I'll let you live if you
allow me to okay you seem to be
bus yes time for some hangman go on you
can go first okay I'm thinking of a wood
how many letters nine letters is there a
p nope is there an e yes there is a p
sorry third letter P I knew there was a
p you're not a very good liar sorry yeah
you're right okay what else is there a c
is there a c no C is there an H yes
there are two h's first position and
fourth position is there an S no are you
taking this seriously yes ar your motell
taking this remotely REM smartly remote
seriously I'm taking this seriously is
there an e no that's my favorite letter
to guess well there's no e is there an i
no did you know only
zero 5% of words in the English language
contain an i or an E I don't think
that's true and look how stupid you look
now you got any other guesses is there
an O nope A E I O then surely you
there's no u this is really hard can we
stop playing hangman yeah we can stop
can we play a different game instead do
you want what the word was
monkey what was it not monkey no it
wasn't was that not the word this is a
very hot cable you should be careful
with that unless you want some more burn
marks to match the others on your body
no this is beautiful and that's going to
go in that I mean this is this is just
this is boys we got it okay PC
successfully 120 g of ram that beautiful
CPU clock speed of 43,000 mehz it's just
I mean it's wonderful wow how many CPUs
do you have just just one but it's got
16 cols I believe is it AMD or Intel
it's the AMD right 99 950x we've been
over this but yeah oh yeah sorry my bad
you have a tempered glass side panel and
it has one of these peely things on look
wait wait wait
wait there you go you're welcome enjoy
bye
guys see you